time for question three really can we
have the possible answers please
a crazy stupid love
b the notebook c
yeah la la land right okay holy you seem
happy okay i'm happy because they're all
funds that i'm sure she's watched yeah
well
question three which means you can
triple up
three balls from the same number
yeah that's treble up she's dribbling up
[Applause]
what number paula let's do six get your
balls here we go
i'm on that glass
[Music]
let's go rainbows rainbows
angela what's the question
[Music]
which of these films does not star emma
stone and ryan gosling
as a couple what would you say is
the notebook the notebook is paula's
favorite
yes so they were definitely a couple in
the notebook no they weren't
they weren't a couple they weren't a
couple oh that's right that's what get
it
crazy stupid love i have never seen i
don't know who's in it
um la la land i have seen
didn't pay much attention but i do think
ryan gosling's in it
crazy stupid love is a total guess
because
i've never heard of it nicola please
it's rachel mcadams
as i know for definite that ryan gosling
was in the other two
no i am going to do that
like the other week she sent me a video
so we think it's the wrong answer
yeah it is rachel mcadamson
and ryan should we just get on with it
then yeah yeah
whoa is it right or is it wrong
[Music]
you know you know yeah yeah it's okay
okay
all right thank you yes it's the
notebook
it's fine it's three red balls
twenty thousand three hundred and
fourteen pound can we survive
drop him
[Music]
this way left left over this way this
way
no no come on come on wall bring them
this way this way best way don't do the
point